# MSTU 5003 final Reflection
For the final project, I wished to achieve the things I couldn't achieve in the midterm. Wish the help of javascript, many functions was successfully built. I have built a beta version of the violin simulation function, which is modified from a balloon animation function. Also, the website now allows users to switch difficulty levels for music pieces. Again, we want the users to be able to play their favorite music as quickly as possible. Javascript is harder than I thought. But I'm surprised to know that javascript can manipulate HTML elements in such a deep level. Also, there are times I’m surprised that I don’t even have to use javascript to achieve some functions. For example, the music switch function was built purely with HTML5 elements. I had the same surprise when I learned that I HTML5 has its own audio player. These HTML5 native elements can save a lot of time for developers.

Besides the technical changes, I’ve also made some changes on the content structures. The content goal for this final project is really to make the website more cohesive. The midterm version of the websites seems to have a lot of things going. But they are going in different directions and are in different places. I had to link many parts of the website together to redesign the user experience flow. Before, the placement quiz does not take users anywhere. And now it does. If I want to add more, I would add a section tag in the basic lessons page and have an answer section that will link back to the correct sections that talk about what’s being tested by the question.
